Okay,
guys,
I almost forgot to cover this on.
Have what happens if you want to call one of your custom functions from another world book
?
Well,
we already know here that are pie will work perfectly well when we type it in the workbook
in which we've created it.
But if it control and end and add a new file on Dhere,
I typed pie.
I particularly like it spell pie and said exactly the same thing.
It is not going to know what we're looking at because it is looking in book two for a
custom function called Pie.
And it doesn't exist.
So what we need to do is specify the path to the file that does contain the custom function
.
Now,
this file must be open now where the quickest way probably to save,
um,
Intertype.
Everything is going to say equals what we're gonna say.
You sell open brackets,
open quotes,
and we're going to say file name close,
close,
close brackets.
Nantongo that say you get the file Name am path.
I'm just going to copy that Copy and paste special of the top on.
This is the bit I am after the user defined functions,
not XLs m.
It will be an excellent est XLs X when you download it because a com upload files with
Macron's in them.
So what we have to do have a repository,
have the name of the file,
have another posturing.
Have an exclamation point that tells Excel book to to go look at user defined functions on
the extension on,
then retrieved the function.
So when they hit,
enter boom,
they go.
That's a use it from a different world book.
Okay,
that concludes this section on.
I'll see you in the next one.
Thanks very much.